doc: use of OpenCollective and GitHub sponsors (#1658)
nodejs/TSC: Nodejs-GitHub-Sponsors.md

> # Node.js GitHub sponsors

Reviewer: I think we should note somewhere that the funds received via GitHub Sponsors will be fiscally hosted by the OpenJS Foundation.

Reviewer 2: I think that’s already the `Account details` section

The project has enabled GitHub sponsors in order to to accept
sponsorships. Currently there is only a single one time tier which is
called "sponsor" and one monthly tier which is called "monthly-sponsor"
with no specific rewards.

The funds are to be used for specific efforts as decided by the TSC and
documented on this page.

## Account details

The account is manged by the TSC. The user id and password
are shared with TSC members through 1password. All payments for
sponsorships received will be made to the OpenJS Foundation who has
agreed to manage the funds that are received on behalf of the project.

## Disbursements - management

Potential disbursements will be agreed through TSC discussion
and before approval, documented in a PR in the
[TSC repository](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC) which adds

> the intended use and funding envelope to this page. The disbursement
> is considered approved once TSC consensus in the PR has
> been reached.

Author: ```suggestion
 the intended use and funding envelope to this page. The disbursement
 is considered approved if there's no objections from a project member in 72 hours,
 and consensus has been reached in the TSC. Objections can be overridden with a TSC vote.
```
